syntax:

class derived-class_name : visibility-mode base-class_name {
    .........//
    .........//
    .........//
    members of derived class 
};

":" colon indicates derived class-name is derived from base class-name.
visibility mode is optional, either private or public.
Default : private
defines features of the base class are privately derived or publicly derived.


PUBICLY DERIVED:
public members of base class become public members of the derived class
They are accessible to the objects of derived class.
Private members are not inherited, never become the members of derived class.


PRIVATELY DERIVED:
public members of the base class become private members of the derived class.
public members of the base class can be accessed only through member functions of derived class.
They are inaccessible to the objects of derived class.
Private members are not inherited, never become the members of derived class.



MAKING A PRIVATE MEMBER INHERITABLE:

To make inheritable, need to modify the visibility mode to public, so the public member functions of base class can access their private members.
As public member functions of base class will be public to derived class too.

C++ provide 3rd visibility mode "PROTECTED", serves limited purpose in inheritence.
Page 211.

when a protected member is inherited in public mode, it becomed protected in the derived class too, so accessible through member functions.
when in private mode, becomes private in derived class, available to the member functions of derived class, but not available for further inheritence
since private members cannot be inherited.


It is also possible to inherit a base class in protected mode(Protected derivation).
Both the public and protected members of the base class become protected members of the derived class.

Access Control to the private and protected members of a class:
1. A function that is a friend of the class.
2. Member function of a class that is a friend of the class.
3. Member function of the derived class.

Friend functions, and member functions of a friend class can directly access the PRIVATE AND PROTECTED DATA.
member functions of derived class can directly access only the PROTECTED data, since private data cannot inherited.
The private data of base class can accessed throught the member functions of the base class.


We can use the this pointer for the inherited members.
